What? Senior brother, you haven’t told him yet?
I haven't had time yet!
Teaching, you taught the blood test,
It's equivalent to the whole person being cold due to anger,
This was originally an urgent ride.
A normal person might not survive more than three days after taking this lesson.
Let your original destiny song reach you,
So it's okay, I will still have the ability to kill a few pre-screenings.
Then, why can't it bear fruit?
What's the relationship?
You hesitated to do this because you were too angry,
Marrying a normal girl will harm them.
If your daughter is like this, you can't talk about it if you can't get married.
Why is it good to die?
You kid understand clearly
He goes to read ancient books
Repair seriously
Be able to protect yourself as soon as possible
Your grandpa and I will find a solution
three days later
Prepare to fight Grandpa to the death with him
Why did you do it so early?
The silver on your body
Why have you become heavier?
I always know
It's hard to say that it's vulgar and chaotic, and it's impossible to do it.
Let me tell you
together from now on
Try your best to stay as close to your grandpa as possible
His identity is not simple
He would have been dead long ago
I'll die with you
I may also harm me. If you don’t believe me, you will die earlier.
Go away quickly and don't hit me
I said I would kiss you and give you a life-saving gift.
You can only be ready
Just the hair and the heart and the shoes
You have to come with me wherever you go
Na Xing cents
Bachi soju
let you live
But my grandfather said
How many days will he
Want to be with my old man
Determined to die with that woman
I won't go with you
you must follow me